docs: document the new OpenAPI capabilities (#69)
Unleash/unleash-proxy: README.md

- [JavaScript Proxy SDK (browser)](https://github.com/unleash-hosted/unleash-proxy-client-js)
- [Android Proxy SDK](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-android-proxy-sdk)
- [iOS Proxy SDK](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-proxy-client-swift)

## OpenAPI

> The proxy exposes an optional OpenAPI spec and Swagger page. If you run it with the `ENABLE_OAS` (environment variable) or `enableOAS` (in-code configuration variable) set to `true`, these can be found at `<base url>/docs/openapi.json` and `<base url>/docs/openapi` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proxy can optionally expose a runtime-generated OpenAPI JSON spec and a corresponding OpenAPI UI for its API. 

To enable the JSON spec and UI, set `ENABLE_OAS` (environment variable) or `enableOAS` (in-code configuration variable) to `true`. 

The spec and UI may then be found at `<base url>/docs/openapi.json` and `<base url>/docs/openapi` respectively.
```

> The swagger page is an interactive page where you can discover and test the API endpoints the proxy exposes. The JSON spec can be used to generate an OpenAPI client with OpenAPI tooling such as the [OpenAPI generator](https://openapi-generator.tech/).

Reviewer: Perhaps we should move this up so that the motivational text comes first, before the configuration details.

Author: Agree; I'll fix!
